Dog slaves have no brains
Up to now you still don't know who you are offending.
Sheriff, I know I was wrong.
Sitting far away is not Tarzan
Please spare my life, this is not my intention.
It's all him, it's all this whore who seduced Luong Uy and wanted to harm your whole family.
I do not mean that.
I was also forced.
Qin Dynasty Bach Thieu
He has left it for you to handle.
Scroll down and handle according to law.
Go to work.
Go to school
See, now the press conference can officially begin.
I announce that the press conference of the first 5 emperors of the movie will now officially begin.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha congratulations congratulations ha ha
Sir, the king is dead.
What do you think?
He did it himself.
Legend has it that during filming, you and Miss Su Yunjin, who played the female lead.
Constant gossip
is this right?
This is my queen.
Oh my God.
Okay, okay.
Congratulations.